update: Add info about the new clean up feature in ios (#2833)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/os/ios-overview.md

If you need to hide information in a photo, you can use Apple's built-in editing tools to do so.

If your device supports it, you can use the [Clean Up](https://support.apple.com/en-us/121429) feature to pixelate faces or remove objects from images.

- Open the **Photos** app and tap the photo you have selected for redaction
- Tap the :material-tune: (at the bottom of the screen)
- Tap the button labeled **Clean Up**
- Draw a circle around whatever you want to redact. Faces will be pixelated and it will attempt to delete anything else.

> <div class="admonition warning" markdown>
> <p class="admonition-title">Warning</p>
> 
> Don't use Clean Up to remove text, block text out with a fully black box instead.
> 
> </div>
> 
> Otherwise, you can add a shape to fully block out a face or information.
> 
> - Open the **Photos** app and tap the photo you have selected for redaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our warning [against blurring text](../data-redaction.md) also applies here, so we recommend to instead add a black shape with 100% opacity over it. In addition to redacting text, you can also fully black out any face or object using the **Photos** app.

- Tap the image you have selected for redaction
```
This suggestion attempts to remove this admonition while retaining the same information. It also clarifies what a "fully black box" means.
